Project 1
AUTHOR: Marco Preciado



DESCRIPTION:
This project will provide some insight about how multi-processes are created and the behavior.
The project include two .c files: oss.c, worker.c. worker.c will be given one argument. The argument is
will determine the amount of loops the worker c will produce. During the loop a statement will be printed
with the following information: pid, parent pid, iteration count. oss.c is responsible for the creation of
the worker. oss.c will have many options that a user can supply. An option is the amount of workers to create.
Another is how many loops workers will produce. Finally, how many workers will run simultaneously.

USAGE:
The user will provide an option to and an argurment to provide to program oss.
Here are the options:
-n argument, where argument is the total workers to launch
-s argument, where argument is the number passed to worker to process
-t argument, where argument is the number of children run simultaneously

The user must provide atleast 1 option. By default all options start with one.
For example if a user wants to run 10 workers and make each worker loop 4 times with 5 workers running simultaneously it will be...

./oss -n 10 -s 5 -t 4



LOGS:
2-8-2023 8:07pm I am in the process of creating loops for the instantiation of multple workers

2-9-2023 8:30pm Setting up MAKEFILE

2-12-2023 7:36pm Must complete this project by today. I understand that fork will create process by process^2 each time fork is called.
However, I understand that when a user asks for n number of children I must calculate somehow the number of processes to call for and execute programs.
I am having trouble understanding how I can get information of parent child PID's. I know that when a fork is called child is 0 but child and child and child of parent will also have unique process id.
I want to somehow get this information while creating a process.
2-12-2023 10:07pm All seems to be working as needed. Would like feedback. Overall I do have a better understanding of what fork does.
